Added documentation for debugging Galaxy and unit/integration tests (#9664)
galaxyproject/galaxy: doc/source/dev/debugging_galaxy.md

# Debugging Galaxy

## Debugging Galaxy in VS Code 

> The following instructions assume that you have cloned your Galaxy fork into ~/galaxy directory and have created a VS code workspace per instructions [here](./debugging_tests.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following instructions assume that you have cloned your Galaxy fork into the `~/galaxy` directory and have created a VS Code workspace per instructions [here](./debugging_tests.md)
```

1. Download this [ini](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/galaxyproject/galaxy/release_17.09/config/galaxy.ini.sample) file and and save it as ~/galaxy/config/galaxy.ini.old

> 2. Add the following code snippet to ~/galaxy/.vscode/launch.json (Create the file if it does not already exist)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the following code snippet to `~/galaxy/.vscode/launch.json` (create the file if it does not already exist)
```

    ``` 
    {
        "version": "0.2.0",
        "configurations": [
            {
                "name": "Python: Current File (Integrated Terminal)",
                "type": "python",
                "request": "launch",
                "program": "${file}",
                "console": "integratedTerminal"
            },
            {
                "name": "Galaxy debug",
                "type": "python",
                "request": "launch",
                "program": "${workspaceFolder}/scripts/paster.py",
                "args": [
                    "serve",
                    "config/galaxy.ini.old",
                    "--log-file",
                    "galaxy.log",
                ],
            }
        ]
    }

    ```

> 3. Re-start VS code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Re-start VS Code
```

> 4. Add a break point some where in your code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add a breakpoint somewhere in your code
```
